Miss, one less little one knows it's wrong.
We will definitely change our ways in the future
Take good care of the lady, get up
Miss
This is the prescription that the young master specially asked for you.
Drink it soon
I appreciate the kindness.
But now I don't want to take medicine
Miss, this is the young master's intention
If you don't drink, I said I don't want to drink
That's all.
Since the lady doesn't want to drink
Then don't drink it
It seems that the young lady still doesn't believe in the young master and Yuner
I'm afraid I won't hurt you.
What nonsense are you talking about?
It was
Yuner has not been a miss since she was a child
But did some stupid things
I don't think Miss will forgive Yuner in this life
Madam never mind
The daughter is also a concubine who loves the Lord
Since the lady doesn't want to drink
Then I will order the servants
Move the remaining medicinal materials to the warehouse